Add a section on how to extend addons (#171)
ember-learn/cli-guides: guides/basic-use/using-addons.md

There are too many amazing addons to mention them all here! We thank everyone who shares their work with others through public addons.

### Extending Addons

Sometimes, it can be useful to extend code provided by an addon. Because runtime
code in an Ember app is *resolved*, rather than explicitly imported, the mechanism to overwrite it
is by placing a file where Ember's resolver expects it in the directory structure. Let's take a look
at how to do this through an example.

> Consider an addon `ember-state-manager` that contains a `Service` class called called `StateManager`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider an addon `ember-state-manager` that contains a `Service` class called `StateManager`.
```

This addon (if it follows conventions), will contain two files:

- `addon/services/state-manager.js`, and
- `app/services/state-manager.js`

Each of these files has a special purpose. The first file (in the `addon/` directory), contains
the source code of the `StateManager` class  and is *importable* with ES6 imports. The second file
contains only an import and an export statement, making it available for the *resolver*.
In order to extend this service, we must use both these key concepts.

In other words, we must export an extended version of the *importable* code at the *resolvable* path.

> More conceretely, we must create a fie at `app/services/state-manager.js`  that imports the StateManager

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More concretely, we must create a file at `app/services/state-manager.js`  that imports the StateManager
```

> class and extends it using Javascript classes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
class and extends it using JavaScript classes:
```

```javascript{data-file-name=app/services/state-manager.js}
import StateManager from 'ember-state-manager/services/state-manager';

export default class ExtendedStateManager extends StateManager {
  newMethod() {}

  existingMethod() {}
}
```

Now, anywhere this service is injected, the extended version will be used:

```javascript{data-file-name=app/components/button.js}
import Component from '@glimmer/component';
import { inject as service } from '@ember/service';

export default Button extends Component {
  // ExtendedStateManager!
  @service stateManager;
}
```

> Although this example is for a Service class, the same basic mechanism can be used for anything else

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Although this example is for a Service class, the same idea can be used for anything else
```
